you
what is up the overpower channel Brandon
aka Opie ice here bringing you guys
another gameplay commentary and today I
got you a very fast Kim it is in one
minute and 57 seconds sent in by opus
bat he does it with the ak-12 silencer
with extended mags with the specialist
he gets off the grid ping and hardline
it's a great gameplay it's really fast
we got a really short commentary for
today guys but I'm I've been hearing a
lot about maps a lot about you know what
guns the best gun favourites guns I'm
gonna need to kind of throw a curveball
something out really thinks been talked
about that much and that's the balance
of the guns I mean I've played every
single call of duty that's come out I've
played you know all the way back to
modern warfare 4 and the beta before
halo 3 comes up you know came out so
I've been gaming for ever and I put
every single call of duty and i must say
that ghosts with you know is one of the
best Call of Duty launches I've seen
what gun wise they are very very
balanced I mean yes everyone does have
their you know preferred gun the eight
you know they like this gun right here I
k12 you see most KTMs done with this gun
and I mean I understand and all that
kind of stuff but I mean there's not one
gun that owns you know there's not one
like I guess noobtube you could call it
that mean been you and you think there
would be I mean you're looking at you
know like the honey badger you know what
comes with a silencer you kind of think
hey that would be overpowered but it's
really not i mean i'm loving the MSBs
that is my favorite gun without a doubt
I love burst guns I've loved the m16 and
call of duty for it was amazing and I've
been looking for it like in every con
sense and it was not there the m16
sucked and all the other ones but
anyways guys I small talk about just you
know the balance of the guns it's
amazing I mean there's really no gun
that is insane i know shotguns might be
a little bit but i mean they have to be
you know if you're in five feet and get
out the shotgun you're gonna die anyways
guys quick commentary thanks for
watching and uh what is your guys's
favorite gun what do you what do you
know what is your favorite gun that
sticks out for you anyways guys later